README.md, before:

# Simple_Compiler_GUI

## Dependencies
-Requires that [wxWidgets be installed on your system](https://docs.wxwidgets.org/3.2/overview_install.html).  
-Also requires [G++](https://gcc.gnu.org/install/)

## Compilation
Compile the project with:
``g++ App.cpp MainFrame.cpp `wx-config --cppflags --libs` ``

`` `wx-config --cppflags --libs` `` runs this command separately to get the linker flag locations for your specific system, and then returns the string to be used with g++.

## Usage
![1](1.png)

- Enter in your full **Folder Path** first.
- **Scan** the folder.
- **Select** one file, or multiple files by clicking and holding shift/ctrl.
- Set your **Linker Flags**.
- **Optmization Level** can be set.  This is optional.
- Click **Compile**.

## Features that currently do not work
- **Run after compile?**
- **Jobs**
- **Console Output** below **Compile** button

## License

Shield: [![CC BY-NC-ND 4.0][cc-by-nc-nd-shield]][cc-by-nc-nd]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-nd].

[![CC BY-NC-ND 4.0][cc-by-nc-nd-image]][cc-by-nc-nd]

[cc-by-nc-nd]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-nd-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-nd-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--ND%204.0-lightgrey.svg

Commit message:

Rebranded and Updated README
-Updated 1.png
-Added 2.png
-Updated README to reflect new name and added more info.

README.md, after:

# CompileBuddy
![2](2.png)
# “Fast, Friendly, Compile‑Ready.”

## Things to consider
- CompileBuddy has only been compiled and tested on arch, but may work on other distros and Windows.
- CompileBuddy currenty only supports using g++ to compile c++ binaries, but other compilers and languages are planned to be added.

## Compile Dependencies
-Requires that [wxWidgets be installed on your system](https://docs.wxwidgets.org/3.2/overview_install.html).  
-Also requires [G++](https://gcc.gnu.org/install/)

## Compilation
Compile the project with:
``g++ App.cpp MainFrame.cpp `wx-config --cppflags --libs` ``

`` `wx-config --cppflags --libs` `` runs this command separately to get the linker flag locations for your specific system, and then returns the string to be used with g++.

## Usage
![1](1.png)

- Enter in your full **Folder Path** first.
- **Scan** the folder.
- **Select** one file, or multiple files by clicking and holding shift/ctrl.
- Set your **Linker Flags**.
- **Optmization Level** can be set.  This is optional.  The default value is no optimization.
- Click **Compile**.

## Features that currently do not work
- **Run after compile?**
- **Jobs**
- **Console Output** below **Compile** button

## License

Shield: [![CC BY-NC-ND 4.0][cc-by-nc-nd-shield]][cc-by-nc-nd]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-nd].

[![CC BY-NC-ND 4.0][cc-by-nc-nd-image]][cc-by-nc-nd]

[cc-by-nc-nd]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-nd-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-nd-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--ND%204.0-lightgrey.svg
